ACM-18041: Adjust `ConfigurationPolicy` `customMessage` doc (GRC) (#7521)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/template_support_intro.adoc

| {{ … }}

| Context
| Context variables `.ManagedClusterName`, `.ManagedClusterLabels`, and `.PolicyMetadata` are available. `.ManagedClusterName` resolves to the name of the target cluster where the policy is propagated. `.ManagedClusterLabels` resolves to a map of keys and values of the labels on the managed cluster where the policy is propagated. `.PolicyMetadata` resolves to a map with the `name`, `namespace`, `labels`, and `annotations` keys with values from the root policy.

> | For `ConfigurationPolicy` resources, context variables `.ObjectName` and `.ObjectNamespace` are available inside `objectDefinition`. `.ObjectNamespace` resolves to the name of the selected namespace from the `spec.namespaceSelector` (or `metadata.namespace` if specified), assuming the object is not cluster-scoped. `.ObjectName` resolves to the name of the selected object from the `objectSelector` (or `metadata.name` if specified).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| For `ConfigurationPolicy` resources, context variables `.ObjectName` and `.ObjectNamespace` are available inside `objectDefinition`. `.ObjectNamespace` resolves to the name of the selected namespace from the `spec.namespaceSelector` or `metadata.namespace` if specified, but only if  the object is not cluster-scoped. `.ObjectName` resolves to the name of the selected object from the `objectSelector` or `metadata.name` if specified.
```
